docs(anylink): Add section to gallery on how to open with AnyLink (#1087)
AnyBody/ammr: Docs/Applications/index.md

> interests. These models are from various AnyBody users, and all demonstrate
> features from the AnyBody Modeling System.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
interests. These models are demonstrate features from the AnyBody Modeling System and the AMMR body models.
Some of the models are donated by AnyBody users and now maintained as part of AMMR by AnyBody Technology.
```
I think the first part of the sentence "...are from various..." is not accurate. I have tried to elaborate, but I am also not sure whether it is relevant at this place.
